The contents of this transaction was created by Eunpyo Lee
of LG Electronics on 08-Oct-2013.

It contains the ARM data versions listed below.

This data, unless otherwise stated, is ARM Proprietary and access to it
is subject to the agreements indicated below.

If you experience problems with this data, please contact ARM support
quoting transaction reference <557684>.

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

- MP019-BU-50000-r0p1-00lac0
  Bundle for a full licensed Cortex-A57
  DM31p5 release
  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  This is a bundled release containing the following:
  |
  |- MP019-DC-06003-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Release Notes - PDF
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-MN-22010-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Vector Replay and Capture Test Bench
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-MN-22110-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Synthesizable Verilog - RTL
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-MN-70002-r0p1-00lac0
  |  RAM Integration Test Bench
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-MN-70009-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Integration Kit
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-MN-70030-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Cortex-A57 IP-XACT Description
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-MN-70052-r0p1-00lac0
  |  RTL Model Configuration Check Script
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-MN-70053-r0p1-00lac0
  |  RTL Model Configuration Script
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-VE-09001-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Power Indicative Test Source
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-VE-70006-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Instruction Execution Test Source
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-VE-70025-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Maximum Power Indicative Test Source
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-VE-70027-r0p1-00lac0
  |  WFI Leakage Pwr Vectors Source
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-VE-70053-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Post Layout Configuration Verify Vectors
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- TM918-MN-22100-r0p1-01rel0
  |  APB Access Port Verilog RTL
  |  APB Access Port Verilog RTL
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-02257 
  |
  |- TM919-MN-22100-r0p1-00rel0
  |  APBMUX for DAP Verilog RTL
  |  APBMUX RTL
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-02257 
  |
  |- TM940-MN-22100-r1p1-01rel0
  |  CoreSight DAP Lite Verilog RTL
  |  CoreSight DAP Lite Verilog RTL
  |  available to all customers
  |
  |- TM945-MN-22100-r0p2-00rel0
  |  Serial Wire JTAG dualmode Debug Port RTL
  |  SWJ-DP RTL
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-02257 

- MP019-BU-60000-r0p1-00lac0
  Cortex-A57 MPCore Documentation Bundle
  DM31p5 release
  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  This is a bundled release containing the following:
  |
  |- MP019-DA-00001-r0p1-00lac0
  |  TRM - Framemaker
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-DA-03001-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Technical Reference Manual - PDF
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-DC-13001-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Integration Manual - PDF
  |  DM31p5 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- MP019-DC-70019-r0p1-00lac0
  |  Configuration and Signoff Guide - PDF
  |  DM31p3 release
  |  explicitly entitled under contract ANX-21106 
  |
  |- TM093-DC-70014-r1p3-00rel0
  |  CoreSight Generic Components IG - PDF
  |  CoreSight Generic Components IG - PDF
  |  available to all customers
  |
  |- TM940-DA-00001-r1p2-00rel0
  |  CoreSight DAP Lite TRM - FrameMaker
  |  CoreSight DAP Lite TRM - FrameMaker
  |  available to all customers
  |
  |- TM940-DA-03001-r1p2-00rel0
  |  CoreSight DAP Lite TRM - PDF
  |  CoreSight DAP Lite TRM - PDF - TM940-DA-03001
  |  available to all customers
  |
  |- TM940-DC-06002-r1p2-00rel0
  |  CoreSight DAP Lite Release Note - PDF
  |  CoreSight DAP Lite Release Note
  |  available to all customers

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This transaction contains deliverables which are designated as being of
limited access release status (LAC).

Limited Access release status has a particular meaning to ARM of which
the recipient must be aware.  The deliverables of a product at Limited
Access status have demonstrated complete or near complete conformance
to the agreed functional and specific non-functional requirements.  Any
known exceptions have been communicated to the recipients of these
deliverables. The availability of a Limited Access release is to allow
the increased testing of the deliverables outside of ARM prior to ARM
assigning them with Early Access status.

A deliverable of this status is considered to have no known functional
or significant non-functional deficiencies against the agreed behavior
and interface requirement. ARM advises limitations on the use by a
customer of these deliverables, specifically they are not recommended
for a design intended for high volume production as validation is still
ongoing by ARM and other parties.

In due course, the Limited Access release will be replaced by the Early
Access release.

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In addition to the data versions listed above, this transaction contains
two additional files at the top level.

The first is this file, ARM_DELIVERY_557684.TXT, which is the delivery
note.

The second is ARM_MANIFEST_557684.TXT which contains a manifest of all the
files included in this transaction, together with their checksums.

The checksums provided are calculated using the RSA Data Security, Inc.
MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm.

The checksums can be used to verify the integrity of this data using the
"md5sum" tool (which is part of the GNU "textutils" package) by running:

  % md5sum --check ARM_MANIFEST_557684.TXT

